Let us write the program for finding the sum of all the elements in an array .we want to add all elements
suppose example,
We have an array here of size of 7. indices are from 0 to 6 and these are the elements I want to add all
of them.
So first element and next then next then next.
So this type of logic we have already seen adding the numbers one by one.
We have done it.
Sum of the digits we have learn it and sum of first n natural numbers.
Same thing only so for that we were taking sum variables so I will take a variable sum here.
So let us take sum, and initially sum is zero then, I have to add all the elements so for how we can
go through all those elements 1 by 1,  0 1 2 3 4, counter,
This will take us to all elements so if I say A[i] then A[0] is for 4, A[1] is what, 8.
So I have written all those elements.
Now we want sum.
So in that sum 0 plus 4 is 4, then that 4 plus 8 is 12.
And that 12 plus 6 is 18.
So in this way I can add, 18 plus nine is twenty seven and twenty seven plus five is thirty two
thirty two plus two is thirty four and thirty four plus seven is forty one, in this way we can add. so every
time this value is taken and 8 is added, this value is taken and six is added.
So this procedure you already know this is some assign some plus what? this A[i].
Okay A[i],  this will add all the elements so this is statement is adding and the result is
in variable sum, so let us write a program for it.
So already I have main function, I have an array and it is declared and initialized with those set of
numbers, and  I have n that is size of an array and sum is also there.
So A n sum,  and I.
These are the variables that I declare.
Again I repeat A, n,  sum and i. i I did not declare it.
Let us do it now.
See for accessing all the elements one by one we need to for loop.
So yes these are the steps.
This has to be done in for loop by repeating steps so for loop, for Integer i assign zero.
So you know very well that is a dynamic declaration I can declare the variable anywhere in C++ program.
So I start from zero.
How long it should continue, I is less than 7 means it should stop at 6.
Then every time I++, so this loop will take me through all these statements.
The next what I have to do inside, add these elements.
And so just here I have single statement that is sum  assign sum plus A[i] that's all.
Only one thing I have to do go on adding all the elements so.
So this will get all the elements added in sum.  now outside this, print
The output Cout sum is variable sum.
So it is a message that will print on the screen and this is the variable name.
Then here return zero, end of main function.
So this is a simple program for sum of all elements you have in an array.
So that's all in this video.
There is a coding exercise available, there you have to write down this portion only.
And one more thing.
There is a demo available, watch that demo.
right the complete program by yourself on your P.C. right.
So practise this program that's all in this video will see more programs on arrays.